now with the local public
Why the rain for today?
usually the deadline ends with the ball entered with the glasses or the bar
at the time I was here
in my case I did not put the pajiba and now I can the pope with the snow
understood now about uruguay with br
seemed to refer to the difference of modesty
You do not understand anything fry.
do yes
I already saw that it will be located in tehran
is the one who usually eats cod cake already as a politician continued difficult
battle bullying tastes like burnt oil
everything is the way
try doing it so I never ate the end of the boy scuba dive party
Battle of the Trade
I do not need to impose on the area vip olimpo chocolate analysis
procon be mounted
with a cold mind
then into a hole
not too hot eye
this if you want
there is a good way to change or move with your own hand
or the body of
but the year with an equal amount
composed of choice who is married
I only know that you accepted it.
I think he intervenes
and enjoy
it raises dust
you will stay like this
which is normal fashion
no problem
when typical
ask the lord
handle in the palm of the robotic hand
I'd rather be in the hand.
that the modality
when it comes to hypertension it smells but full of color and cod is something
increase fire much customer
the kind of electronic kim albania
I like that
here for free
if short or important is to sort
that's why I know they're going to enjoy it
it is as if it is perceived that it is a dry port 100%
did not arrive
a pepper to conmebol
He calls the little monkey.
so what's this
this is what I said Olympic bamboo worth the cone that is forming
the sale is what makes your time the difference of clarity
anabolic advance pizarro of the advanced put with her in the end gave
results
is a suggestion of how you can serve
properly sanitized loose
but the muricy
in your preference
This is what I have presented to you today.
the earlier the stage
practice
Who thought that equated?
let's tie
the repairs ally what was left in the cabral are implemented by the brothers
hemodynamic
I do not realize I could oppose
hugo
a tablespoon of flour
should be a little bit and can not be done by means of his after
supposedly false
so what are you going to do? what's his act worth?
on the bag thank you and see you next time